I just made a passionate pitch to an investor for BlissGene! He claimed I was “overselling” it by saying “there’s no loss for investing in science.” However, I defended myself both to him and my partner Valerio after the call. I sent this to Valerio afterward:

How do you think that went? He tried to claim I was overselling him, but I’m really not. Science IS THE RESULT and eventually leads to profitable and successful inventions. I won’t back down on that, especially an invention with thousands of times of a return. He can show as much skepticism as he wants, but I will remain steadfast! Even if he says no, confidence will reward us! He is only the first of the investors so far. I believe we both did a phenomenal job. If he doesn’t want to solve suffering - and possibly help his own family - that’s HIS problem! We WILL be successful no matter what! That is the winner’s attitude!

After he responded, I wrote this:

Very thoughtful message! I definitely hear what you’re saying. Therefore, I propose a compromise: I won’t bring up anything about scientific contributions unless the investor explicitly asks something like, “but what if it fails?” You’re right that it does no good to bring up the possibility of failure or try to push science down investors’ throats. 

That said, we need to realize that unlike other kinds of investments, science ALWAYS delivers a value of some sort. That’s because if one or two trials fail, that doesn’t mean it’s over at all! The only time a lack of success becomes a failure is when we give up and not return. 

But that’s not us! Investors - who explicitly object about failure - OUGHT to be assured that even with null results, there is a very high likelihood of success with more research. 

Not only that, there are publicity opportunities for investors who demonstrate that they care about investing in wellbeing! We can align “investing in science” with garnering public respect for the investors themselves! Being able to link your website’s investment portfolio to a press release about helping a gene editing company end chronic pain could be a MAJOR reputational benefit! 

If an investor doesn’t see that, it’s not our fault. It just means that despite his wealth, he’s making a foolish choice here. These people are lost causes and we shouldn’t bother fretting over them. 

I think that if we’re going to be successful, we need to flip the script! Even with no money, we actually have the upper hand! We don’t need to grovel for scraps from rich people! Why? Because we have a product that is bound to change the world unlike anything else! 

SMART investors - the ones who will actually invest in us anyway - will see our sincerity. We need to act aloof, as though WE DON’T ACTUALLY CARE if they invest. Of course, we do care. But by refusing to “suck up” to them, they will actually respect us! WE are actually the ones in power. If we let them condescend to us, we’ve already lost the game. 

This is how it works in sales especially. A good salesman is so confident in their product and so indifferent to customers’ skepticism. This will certainly turn many people away… but guess what? The people turned away by our genuine confidence are likely the same people who probably won’t invest in us in the first place. 

Great communicators don’t always try to cater to their audience - though there are definitely times for this. Not here though - because WE are actually in the power seat! 

Counterintuitively, the best communication often is actually to act as though we don’t care if they walk away. 

To reiterate, I’m NOT actually going to use the “benefiting science” strategy in the future unless the investor expresses doubt in any results. I’m definitely going to do more customization of the pitch in the future.

I’m very glad that we got to cover all the content we needed to as well. The interaction was jovial overall though, and he did complement us on the pitch! 😎