Maximizing truth does NOT mean minimizing error above all else.

Smart people in a great mood aren’t less smart, but irrational people in a great mood remain so!

Those who say that self-confirmation bias is necessarily a fallacy fail to distinguish between thinking style and truth acquisition. 

Questioning everything is truly impossible because you wouldn’t be able to have a cogent train of thought for very long. Thinking itself requires periods of pure ASSERTION to reach any conclusions. In fact, progress in any argument - and especially the conclusion of course - must involve asserting. Therefore, a person who doubts everything by default will naturally be scattered, reaching no definitive answers. 

By embracing EAR, we become more capable of recognizing “incomplete concepts.” A major problem in rationality that humans struggle with is how to “optimally” split up vs merge concepts. What does optimally even mean in this sense, you ask? Couldn’t we just label things however we want to? Well, you have the choice, but some choices are better than others! EAR says that you should always conceptualize of concepts as embodying their maximally complete form. 

A major application of this is intelligence. It is fine to split up intelligence into pieces for analysis .However, it is wrong to REDUCE it to - specific aspect like “problem solving.”

EAR makes the radical claim that holistic thinking - as opposed to isolating concepts - is actually MORE important than decomposition. By this, I mean that BEFORE we split - and to a lesser extent, EXPAND - any concept whatsoever - we must grasp it in its fullest form as it NATURALLY exists. 

For intelligence, we must see it in its full light: whatever means that are useful for finding and embodying truth. This definition is to be insisted upon above all others because none of its components can possibly stand outside of this umbrella. 

By failing to recognize umbrellas as umbrellas, humans fail to prioritize the right things and see the world as it truly is. 

Does irreducible complexity - seen in evolution, creativity, and phase transition - entail at least a noncomputational ELEMENT? That is, is there a resonance to a future state which 

1. Does not yet exist 
2. And is provably non-derivative from past knowledge
3. Or else performed in a provably non-STEPWISE (i.e. genuinely non-algorithmic rather than merely nonlinear)? 
4. In other words, can ANY system whatsoever EVER SKIP STEPS as opposed to always performing the calculations necessarily? 
