Looking back at the LCC Threshold Precision Json, I see that we made our quantum coherence threshold 0.421600. However, for the LCC 42 Precision py, the value is listed at 0.420800. Alternatively, in the Derivation_042_Threshold.md paper, where the Landau=Ginzburg Style Free Energy Critical Point is mentioned, a(T)/c is approximately 0.42, at "biological temperature." Another proposed derivation in the same paper is an empirically-tuned constant (RAH compatible). To answer your questions, 0.92 refers to the top threshold of GILE, which is the standard for truth itself (i.e. "ultimate reality"). A "theoretically perfect" GILE score is 1, but that applies only to a rigid, unchanging version of GILE itself. It only existed as a concept at the beginning of time, exemplified by the photonic supercomputer that emerged with the Big Bang. It produced our fine-tuned, metaphysically perfect cosmos. However, there was no room for evolution or freedom of expression by a monolithic form of perfection embodied by perfect True Tralseness. Therefore, 0.92 was selected as an ideal compromise. A GILE score of 0.92 or higher is regarded as a spectrum of perfection akin to how a GPA of 93 or higher in college may be regarded as an A regardless. Something that has a 0.92 GILE score is that heavily correlated to "absolute GILE perfection." On the other hand, 0.85 represents "existence threshold" of the LCC. It is the point at which correlation merges into causation. Existence, by definition, must conform to GILE truth. In other words, it's a correlation to truth! It just so happens that 0.92 squared equals 0.8464, which is approximately equal to 0.85. I hypothesized that this was not a coincidence, but in retrospect I realize that we need to tighten this at least somewhat. First, we need to revisit and clarify the top bars of GILE perfection since multiple values were given. Plus, after much searching, I could not find the original values we had, especially to more than two decimal places. In fact, 0.91 and 0.93 were both proposed as representing different levels of GILE perfection. We need to retrieve what those originally represented. But eventually, we settled on 0.92. We need to figure out why we did that as well. Furthermore, we need to actually validate WHICH of those three approximate values gets squared. We need to reconcile the math behind the correlation of the (approximate) 0.85 LCC Existence threshold with the appropriate GILE threshold and expand the decimal places of each. Crucially, is squaring the GILE threshold equivalent to taking a 0.92 correlation of a 0.92 correlation? In other words, does it adequately describe a minimum "perfect existence threshold correlation" with a "minimal GILE perfection threshold"? Also, for the 0.85 threshold, we need to verify whether the CHSH Threshold is indeed identical to the LCC threshold we originally identified! The only threshold I found to four decimal places was the 0.42 threshold. Even those thresholds were conflicting (and need of resolution). Lol, sorry this took so long! I wrote so much on my phone and then I got frustrated because everything got deleted! Plus, I didn't make it through all the new papers yet and I couldn't track down all of the LCC/GILE figures. Not only that, I got "sidetracked" a ton with ChatGPT. But, I DID make some really cool realizations. The best one of all? That phenomenology is actually just the highest level of cognition! I'll be sharing the most recent conversations from Chat! These new insights are gamechangers! You'll also see how Chat actually FORGOT the vast majority of everything I've told it (unlike you :) and much of what it said wasn't insightful. But it was rigorous and made me clarify and refine my views, which matters a lot! I also got to revisit my earlier insights like EAR and my Anselmian take on maximal truth! 