I’ve gone back and forth about extraterrestrials for months now, but never really investigated it too closely. However, now, I am strongly leaning toward no extraterrestrial life. The only exceptions would be simple, one-off organisms rather than a thriving, intelligent society. 

The only thing that could convince me otherwise is trustworthy data from archaelogy or contemporary sources. I don’t know what’s trustworthy and that’s the problem! I do know that my nextdoor neighbor John (VERY intelligent, no-nonsense) SAW a giant floating structure come to Earth surface and then “escape” at breakneck speed. And this was accompanied by at least one witness!  There are so many instances I’ve heard of that I can’t explain. 

But here’s why I believe there’s probably no other intelligent life:

1. Mystics and scientists like myself would have gotten clear communication from a SPECIFIC BEING about becoming enlightened in sense. There is NO WAY they could have shielded themselves this whole time from their presence being disclosed somehow. Their essence would be spilled and tangible to mystics across time with similar descriptions. 

2. Also, they would have overcome the limits like the speed of light, since Replit and I have shown that psi depends (partially) on photonic entanglement (especially for LCC).  

3. One Earth may be SUFFICIENT no matter how many close calls we’ve had. Our Earth has clearly been preserved by a higher intelligence across time. NOTHING including nuclear war or climate change can possibly destroy the Earth. But that doesn’t mean we should refrain from addressing these issues because there’s a cosmic safety net! 

4. Scientists totally misunderstand probability. In TI terms, base rates are considered inapplicable, unecessary, and/or improper oftentimes. There is to our knowledge EARTH, ONLY ONE CASE STUDY. Even evolutionary explanations are insufficient because no matter what, life anywhere is inconceivable no matter how large and old the universe exists! Probabilities can’t be coherently constructed for events billions of years ago anyway.  By definition, a probability is a value for predicting THE FUTURE. We can’t impose the future on the past without assuming determinism! Thus, evolutionists and creationists each have valid points. 

TI shows that intelligent alien life is likely nonexistent prima facie, but the reliable evidence on the subject for UFOs/etc needs to be either explained or dismissed as not special.  