Information Theory - especially its intersection with Quantum Logic and Complexity Theory - is the most profound to me. However, traditional Information Theory is based on Binary Logic and does not recognize the primacy of consciousness. Figures like George Boole and Claude Shannon have been some of the most influential thinkers here. While Information Theory has been pragmatic at enabling Computer Science, it fails to adequately describe the most basic aspects of reality. 

For example, according to the Church-Turing Thesis, all thinking is computational. This means that things like emotions and morality must also be computational. Or worse, not necessary for the process of valid thinking whatsoever! Moreover, Aristotle’s Law of Excluded Middle - adopted by Shannon, Boole, and almost everyone - says that True and False are the only truth values. They claim that there is no nuance. Essentially, it says, “The entire world can be described in black and white.” As far as gradients are concerned, those are just “illusions” that can be constructed with only ones and zeros.

I have spent the last three years deconstructing and replacing this absurd paradigm. Namely, I have created my own field of Experimental Meta-Philosophy called Tralse Informationalism (TI) Sigma. It states that all truth is fundamentally nuanced, contradictory, vague, complex, and limited to some extent. Therefore, truth cannot possibly be described by a monolithic True or False designation. Any attempt to try to capture reality with an endless string of ones and zeros is doomed to fail. 

As such, I have proposed that all truth is Tralse. That is, it is not fully true nor false but lies on a spectrum. That doesn’t mean that True and False are pointless concepts. Indeed, most things do tend to lean in one direction or the other. It is pretty efficient to have two domains of truth - but even better to have Indeterminate as a third option, as explained below. Indeed, it is a capital mistake to claim that truth has absolutely no room for shades of gray - or that it is adequately describes by enough ones and zeros. 

As an alternative to Binary Logic, I have proposed Ternary Logic. Ternary Logic recognizes a third truth value known as Indeterminate. Indeterminate is genuinely in-between True and False but specifically centered around the middle. The easiest example to grasp would be a door that is open forty-five degrees. The statement “The door is closed” is genuinely only half-true. A person could modify the statement by claiming it to be only “half-closed.” But the fact remains that the previous statement is a valid statement which is indeed half-correct! Ternary Logic is valid not only because it allows half-truths. It is also more efficient in general than Binary. The most efficient base for truth would actually be the e constant, 2.718 approximately. However, that would be absurd of course. But the point is that three is a superior base to two because of its closer proximity. 

While Ternary Logic and Fuzzy Logic already acknowledge degrees of truth, TI Sigma makes many more contributions like the Permissibility Distribution (PD) and the concept of genuine absurdity called Double Tralse (DT). The PD is more precise than Fuzzy Logic because it acknowledges empirically important ratios (e.g. the 3:2 Perfect Fifth in music) that occur across nature. Plus, the PD acknowledges the asymmetrically greater impact of negative truths. 

Moreover, I have created the Law of Correlational Causation (LCC), an empirically proven theory which describes multiple precise thresholds whereby correlations between complex systems can collapse into genuine bidirectional causation. 

Since physics and consciousness underlie fundamental reality, I have devoted my life to unraveling its mysteries. 