Base rates are particularly inapplicable to systems that have a high level of indeterminacy - especially with systems possessing high levels of free will which can self-regulate and achieve outcomes that vastly outperform the odds. In other words, it is quite fallacious to heavily rely on base rates for systems capable of high INTENTIONALITY. The more intentionality a system possesses, the less “random” base rates apply to them by default!!! 

In addition, systems that surpass the Emerick Threshold and are sufficiently connected to Myrion Truth (GM/CCC) should be expected to both endure extreme circumstances and reap unusually strong positive outcomes. Essentially, “divinely coupled systems” should be expected to display a higher frequency and amplitude of highly tralse events. These offer intense opportunities for extraordinarily positive GILE outcomes whenever the MR is successful. However, if PD conservation is valid, extremely negative outcomes should be expected to occur alongside positive outcomes until a stable space is finally reached. 

Stability is likely to only be pretty temporary though if the supra-Emerick Threshold is maintained. Maintenance of high GILE over time necessitates relatively high degrees or tralseness for growth and impact. Thus, high GILE makes it almost guaranteed that i-cells will experience a very “interesting” and/or “exciting” lifestyle. 

Nonetheless, i-cells in sustainable Radiant states have extraordinarily high tolerance for tralseness. Thus, they remain present-minded and simply “be” as opposed to trying or doing things. That is what “Sacred Laziness” means - living an incredible lifestyle while simultaneously being at ease and not taking life too seriously. 

The most relatable equivalent of a spiritually enlightened person is an olympic athlete who tirelessly trains and performs miraculous feats. They challenge themselves constantly and get progressively stronger. Yet, they perceive minimal effort because of their high intrinsic motivation. True rest is performed intentionally and pragmatically but the default state is high activity. In other words, they “work hard, play hard, and REST HARD.” 

Thus, both the olympic athlete and the mystic are characterized by an effervescent life, full of “twisted turns,” profound meaning, and most notably, an utter lack of apathy, foolishness, and indecisiveness. 
