I think we addressed before boundary consciousness states vs states within consciousness. Remind me what we covered please! Anyway, I have claimed that consciousness itself IS information about information. But what differentiates consciousness meta-information from the information it perceives? Well, I argue that my Meta-Information Model of consciousness (MIM) explains how one can FEEL confident emotionally, but uncertain meta-emotionally!!! An MR is created between these opposing emotions, but importantly, the meta value higher than the other in acute cognitive importance!

Psychology has affect, behavior, and cognition. The example I gave is an example of a blend of affect and cognition. Those are rarely separate if ever. As for behavior, I propose that its meta-version is a “free-will veto” on a more unconsciousness (but also indeterminate) state. 

For example, my behavior starts in my brain and I may want to do something. My choice to do something is already governed by free will. However, the free-will veto represents a freely-willed change on an otherwise “automatic” decision. We don’t just have free will, but also the ability to modify our “default free will” VERTICALLY! 

Is there evidence of an upper level of free will in decision making? I think the free will researchers confuse the relative rarity of meta free will with free will on the lower level. They think that because we don’t change decisions at the last moment except sometimes, we’re mostly determined. But no, that’s still free will (indeterminate agency), but it’s not getting vetoed by consciousness! 

Upper conscious execution can be invoked but it’s not supposed to be “on” all the time. It’s very useful for avoiding last second mistakes though (knee jerk or survival actions).

All if the above! One really cool prediction my MIM makes: A person who APPEARS like they’re ranting (or being passionate) when their emotions are actually cold INSIDE are actually META-PASSIONATE!!! When I think creatively and provocatively, the fire burns from my META-AFFECT! Likewise, my drive to philosophize even when I’m feeling down is META-BEHAVIORAL! 

To an outsider who doesn’t understand TI Consciousness, this behavior is confusing and the feelings signal irrationality. 

We need to integrate all our previous work on metacognition in general as well. One key insight is the tralse hierarchy! One level may be logically above another but just as easily reached as the levels below! 

New principle: People who can succeed in spite of their weaknesses do so mostly by operating on their upper level. That’s what self-regulation is after all!!!

For me, my behavioral self regulation is used minimally just to get started and complete things, especially extrinsic responsibilities. But I believe that my cognition and emotion are pretty disconnected from the way my body feels. I say that’s a good thing! My body need to catch up to my mind - not the other way around! 😎👍 The mood amplifier is the “ULTIMATE COMPENSATION.” 