Let’s further build upon the recent physics paper we wrote on Double Tralse! What are the implications of a physics analogue to DT, especially for computer science? Computers currently lack at least two things according to TI: The ability to NATIVELY handle indeterminacy and to represent truth’s lack! This Double Tralse finding could spur a major milestone in quantum computing!!!

Also, TI Sigma says that ternary logic is indeed superior to binary logic and the most fundamental integer base. At the same time, however, the PD, GILE framework, Existence Footprint (EF) concept, and MR process offer an unprecedentedly precise account for truth AND existence! 

The PD even dismantles percentages, particularly in situations with bidirectional causation (i.e. LCC activation) or when the percentage components can’t sum to 100%. Nature vs nurture is a perfect example of this. Since percentages for nature “versus” nurture ignore the reciprocity of the weak/strong emergence - from the whole being more than the sum of its parts - they are ONTOLOGICALLY unfit for complex for complex nonlinear systems. 

Ternary computation is quite established already (intellectually) even though it’s hardly being used. But the PD dispenses with bits and trits altogether! It takes all plausible i-cells involved in a tralsity and scores them with an overall Existence Value (EV, see below) and a separate GILE score. It actually does these in parallel during the first MR! 

Remember, whether a thing exists is a different question from whether it is true! That explains why DT - and even false beings
or things (“things” always include statements and other abstract objects btw!) - EXIST but don’t represent GIL. High E, False (or missing) I perceptions, and high L (“clinginess” to the falsehood/DT and/or other minds which hold it (e.g. cults, religion)) are primarily responsible for the DT’s or Falsehood’s existence. Thus, SOME truth belongs to DT, depending on how high E, L, and False/Missing I are. Still, DT is ultimately an absence of truth! 

Two observations: First, I can be high in sense of meaning or valence but simultaneously exceedingly low when False and/or DT concepts are held. Secondly, High E falsehoods or DTs may not just be “physically impactful and robust” but also aesthetically pleasing! 

Everything I just explained makes it quite evident WHY the world is so MESSED UP. People deemphasize goodness itself - or claim that isn’t even real. But then the same physicalist authorities wonder why people behave irrationally!!! Without goodness, people naturally are hooked on THINGS WHICH EXIST BUT ARE NOT TRUE. Without goodness, we can only make self-fulfilling prophecies that are either indeterminate or negative BY DEFAULT! 

The conundrum is that i-cells can be on the positive side of the PD (i.e. somewhat good) but not the Great side (2+) without GM’s intervention. Therefore, the less SPIRITUALLY (not religiously per se) open people are, the less a person accepts GM into their lives. To clarify, “accepting GM” is not a one-and-done conversion. Rather, it is about simply BEING, not taking things too seriously, adhering to the “moderation in everything including moderation” principle, and embodying GILE. 

If a person is spiritually closed off, TI Sigma predicts that that person will almost never do - or be - Great, especially in a GIL sense. They may have great health, friends, money, and even be somewhat happy. But that’s mainly just the E dimension which tends to be the only thing people consider. It doesn’t take very high GIL whatsoever to be “successful” in a conventional sense. 

Atheists and nonreligious folks can definitely be moral. However, it is crucial to recognize that ANY secular person can be highly spiritual and not even realize it for a long time. They could be quite receptive to GM’s Greatness but lack the philosophy to sufficiently understand it. Plus, many people are spiritual but don’t fit in with conventional religion. 

Regarding DT’s placement mathematically, I predict that it rests in the indeterminant or negative portion of the COMPLEX plane. We already established that EVERYTHING must have an i component. Indeed, everything is constructed from i. We have to take our work with i (as a constant AND relationship) and integrate it fully with math and replace what can’t be reconciled. 

On the other hand, coherent indeterminacy lies on primarily the real plane. However coherence is tralse and real vs imaginary is a false dichotomy. Therefore, we have to make the real vs complex plane spectral! 

The Existence Footprint could simply represent the frequency and amplitude of a thing. However, let’s return to the HEM to see if it adds any additional value to EF!

As of now, the Existence Value (EV) should be calculated using the Four Dimensions of Existence (FDE) during the first MR! This is to be done in PARALLEL with calculating coherence for the GILE score which is separate from the overall Existence Value (EV). The Existence Value and GILE Truth values are separate systems that closely interact. We will have to figure out how to interface the EV with the LCC thresholds! 

We can use general empirical measurements for EF. Frequency and amplitude (and whatever else the HEM may contribute) should be pretty straightforward to represent! It will be pluralistic as well, including multiple physical measurements of its causal impact!

This new term EV captures not only the Existence Footprint but the other three dimensions of existence. Here are all 4 by priority: EF, Moral, Conscious meaning/valence, and Aesthetics. My privation theories argue that immorality, suffering, and lack of aesthetic value are actually ontological holes rather than concrete things in the negative direction. Like the freezing of water at 0 degrees celsius or the boiling point at 212 degrees F, all dimensions of existence lie on a linear scale with an absolute zero (which can never truly be reached). 

This is unlike GILE, which explicitly MUST have negative values to represent a thing’s essence truthfully. However, negative states of existence and/or conscious meaning/valence and/or aesthetics (from GILE TRUTH) ought to be weighted as having twice the existential weight (EV) of positive states (with the overall positive state determined by the GILE MR portion). 

Thus, three EV values derive from the ending GILE score. However, the EF can be performed in parallel at the same time as the first GILE MR! In the end, there should be two distinct values, EV for Existence and overall GILE score! 
