How do market failures work - doing everything wrong as a collective?? How does the public not want to change it?

How to test for TI predictions of dark matter and consciousness with data!!

Claim: Hands-on physics experiments don’t require any laboratory anymore!!

Prediction: Dark matter stays neutral from all its contents including LCC synchrony

Pick 20 or more companies to obtain LCC synchrony. Make sure that this is safe and has negligible chances of legal consequences (e.g. market manipulation). If it’s wrong for us to synchronize with a company’s stock value, then advertising and social media influencing is wrong too! 

It will be REALLY interesting in physics to describe the i-cell of a company or a kind of society. Could being “part of a company” really involve a necessary dark energy boundary 0.42 GILE or higher??? This dark energy would ABSTRACTLY emerge around the boundaries of each member. I don’t know how the EM waves and photons would apply though. 

It seems TOO FARFETCHED to call a company an i-cell akin to an INDEPENDENT human. Therefore, I propose that companies are actually i-web nests just like we said Earth was. In this sense, there’s relatively WEAK coherence of all i-cells/webs within. I predict that companies ONLY EXIST as COMPANIES when their COLLECTIVE COHERENCE GILE VALUE (which may be inferred from leadership and social media data) is above 0.42. Test if the collective coherence score is actually accurate with 0.42. 

If confirmed, THAT is the difference between an i-cell and an i-web nest, the latter of which can have a threshold below 0.42. In TI, companies with collective coherence thresholds under 0.42 have DIFFERENT RULES than companies above! That is, they only exist as RELATIVE TRUTHS - in the imagination. To sum up, companies that are incoherent but publicly recognized are collective fictions that hold weight only in INDIVIDUAL minds (employees, customers, outsiders, etc.) ONLY their component i-cells like key managers and other workers exist as such!!
