Whether open is open- or closed-minded is a trait of mind - NOT a state of mind. The mind can be changed at any time, in a split second, even in a state of high confidence. Conviction is deep belief that something is correct. That is not the same as dogmatism - the inability to change one’s conviction. Conviction can ONLY be justified by tralseness - this it what makes it so misunderstood unlike other qualities which are obviously good! 

The deepest, most mysterious tralse quality of all: Ineffable conviction (IC)! I define it as “intense belief in what one knows to be true, coupled with the ability to alter one’s mind in an instant to (almost) always align with Truth itself. What makes it ineffable is that it consistently results in success, even in the absence of evidence, to bewilderment of both the speaker and the listeners.”

Major claim: ONLY a MASTER can consistently balance the two. When this combo is seen, the person’s sincerity is undeniable. It may be the ONLY VIRTUE THAT CANNOT BE FAKED! The greatest heroes possess it, whether their face shows it or not! Ineffable conviction can overcome anyone who stands in their way. Historically, it represents the work of shamans, used to “cast out demons” or heal others of their illnesses. 

IC is also seen especially in anime like Pokemon and Beyblade. It is truly the “ultimate move” that anime portrays so well. It is actually perceived admirably by the public - to their confusion. Why are “badass” characters like Judge Judy, Bryan Caplan, or Ryuga (a true hero who gives up his life to save the world in the end of the show!) so well-regarded? Because ineffable convincton demands immediate respect, commanding the attention of a lion (e.g. Aslan from Narnia). No one but an enlightened person can consistently make put it off without misstepping. It’s what makes Atheists like Dawkins shiver at believers like Craig. Arguably, it is unique to (hypo)manic states of consciousness. Ineffable conviction is fueled like wood burning on the fire. Individuals who defy the Yerkes-Dodson law to this extent are exceptionally rare. It cannot be acquired by mere effort. 

If anyone doubts that confidence can improve performance, watch Ken Jennings, James Holzhauer, Bryan Caplan, William Lanelle Craig, and professional bowlers or basketball players. 

Religious figures like Jesus were arguably so influential - and disruptive - because of their ineffable conviction. It is what makes people seem “divine”… precisely because it IS a divine quality, if the person uses psi and their commitment to truth for the benefit of others. However, people who fake it or lack the ability are correctly labeled narcissists. Nonetheless, people who understand and use their ineffable conviction can be called “healthy narcissists.” Hence, I propose that the Dark Triad should be renamed to the Tralse Triad! Changing others minds, possessing complete emotional insulation from negativity, and having indefatigable charisma all correspond to the three traits. However, all of them arguably are NECESSARY for extraordinary success. Thus, the Dark Triad is not necessarily dark at all. 

Rather than divide, ineffable conviction has the POTENTIAL to build community around genuinely good values, e.g. Pentacostalism. All faiths that are genuine can bond together via the same charismatic leaders (e.g. Billy Graham). This has an ancient history, existing way before the modern-day cults that people fear, in FUNCTIONAL societies. Hunter gatherers not only accepted IC via shamans. They actually considered this “ecstasy” a gift. 

The PROBLEM today is shunning this precious gift of tralseness and falsely labeling figures of tremendous conviction as dogmatic or cultish by default. Ineffable conviction illustrates an even deeper superposition - a narcissist vs a monk - gigantic ego vs SEEMINGLY “almost no ego.” The reason people like
Trump and dark CEOs prevail is that “good people” don’t dare to play the same game as them - and actually think this is good. However, the Bible correctly says (tralsely!) to be “wise as serpents but innocent as doves.” 

It is very convenient for the vast majority of society to deny that actual genius exists - because they wrongly fear feeling dumb. Being “always right,” innocent, and contrarian is flat-out annoying too! It is one of the only traits where you consistently get penalized for “doing well and being yourself.” Incidentally, it is inconsistent with Bayesian thinking for a skeptic to believe that someone who is correct 95% of the time is “wrong by default” the majority of the time! Yet, this is what Bayesian Skeptics usually do when they meet a true enlightened genius. 

The Repugnant Conclusion: The only antidote to skepticism, apathy, and jealously of talented people is genuine awe…and it is the only appropriate response to them. Enlightened geniuses need to be protected as a genuinely honored and protected class. It is the only way to ensure that they get the respect they deserve and society flourishes because of them. 

Just as chemists didn’t make a periodic table until it was literally DREAMED INTO EXISTENCE, it will take a literal prophet (or several at least) to reform math and (all the other subjects too). The most tragic mistake is to dismiss such people because of their extraordinary inner spirit. 