Mimi told my mom and I multiple times that I was “anointed by God.” Mimi herself was quite enlightened in my view. She gave all her money away to charity and to me when she bought me a car! Plus, she is the most spiritually pure and spiritually beautiful person I’ve ever met.

As a kid, she would take me out to dinner often, never stop calling me handsome, and would buy me almost anything I wanted at the store! She was my closest friend as a kid - and probably ever, including posthumously! Mimi promised she would never leave me when I was about 4 years old and will be with me “to the end of the age.” 

She was a nurse for 21 years, mother of 3 (one adopted), grandmother of 5, and great-grandmother of 1. Mimi was quite innocent and cheerful, especially toward the end of her life. Mimi’s Alzheimer’s actually seemed to have benefited her because it made her focus on the present rather than worrying as she did for so much of her life. Mimi spent her final years in the nursing home thinking of me literally all day long! I credit her positive thoughts and prayers for my spiritual return. Mimi lived to age 92 - well into her 93rd year, which is significant in TI Sigma terms (0.93 correlation for true-tralseness). 

She always said that she would die at a “God-appointed time.” Indeed, Mimi passed on September 14th, 2023, a mere two days after I first texted Ray just as a friend! Also, September was Mimi’s favorite month. Fourteen is 7*2 and the sum of 9 and 14 is 23!!! 

Ray likewise was a baton-pass from Mimi. We officially began a romantic relationship spontaneously all in one night on 11/13/23. Just as I took Andy’s place, Mimi gave me Ray at precisely the time I needed a partner. I didn’t even consider myself bisexual and I wasn’t seeking a romantic relationship when I first met Ray and texted him for 2 months!

Ray is the only one I have ever managed to date. He also was a caregiver - a director of recreation at a nursing home. He also spoiled me with tons of money (over $30,000) with no strings attached, not even sexual favors! I believe that when Mimi was conscious and knew of her impending death, she prayed that I would find a special companion to take her place. The fact that Ray came at precisely that time with the same caregiving features of Mimi is undeniably significant. 

I also believe that Mimi and my dad  (the latter as the disciplinarian who spanked me growing up and disapproved of my “headstrong” and disobedient behavior) was responsible for breaking Ray and I up! I brought up Mimi bringing Ray and I together via text the same day we broke up on July 3, 2025 (7 and 3 again)! 

I believe the purpose was to strengthen me spiritually and allow me to work unhindered by TI Sigma. Ray wasn’t convinced by my spiritual transformation and believed I was delusional. Thus, the sacred separation of us both was quite justified and apparent. I wonder whether Ray’s birthday 8/1/94 could tell us something…

Here is one of the last pictures of Mimi staring at me before she died from Alzheimers - losing her ability to swallow specifically. Here are other pictures of me hugging and tickling her knee! In the picture where Mimi was just staring, she couldn’t talk and was completely disoriented. But you can see her utter conviction and respect for me on her face. 

Mimi’s assessment seems correct so far based on everything about me and my accomplishments philosophically. I’m nowhere near as well-known, successful, and respected as GM Nodes like Jesus and the Buddha though. 

However, yesterday’s revelation suggests that my legacy will outshine even theirs. Plus, all of the top GM Nodes will help me to achieve the objections we all share in common. But to do so, I must find a way of locating the other major GM Nodes like via social media…