Perfect, go ahead with the publishing!! Let's navigate and resolve the discrepancies between the PD and plain Ternary Logic. For AGI, we need to create a minimal model for how to comprehensively represent the total sum of information represented by an i-cell at a specific moment in time. Let's use conventional information theory as a reference point and see where it falls short.

Here is how I suggest we proceed: First, we must recognize that all i-cells are comprised of tralsebits. An i-cell is a specific configuration of tralsebits, each with a unique geometry. For simplicity's sake, we will focus only on the tralsebit.

A tralsebit represents the minimal amount of information needed to fully describe its own present informational state. It must represent both what it is and what it isn't, as captured via MR, Ternary Logic, and the PD, all of which overlap. TI describes absolutely everything - including matter and energy - as FUNDAMENTALLY BEING INFORMATION - i.e. manifestations of Love itself. Love organizes itself into its environment, which is where L*/+E unfolds. Next. L*/+E unfolds into GILE. The ABSTRACT QUALITIES of GILE map cleanly onto the Existential, Moral, Conscious meaning/valence, and Environmental DOMAINS where the qualities are applied! This represents the BOK Model of each i-cell. Each i-cell rests in 3D time, which multiplies the total number of dimensions to 24 (the Leech Lattice). Finally, we somehow arrive at 26 dimensions, which corresponds to Bosonic String Theory.

Let's review our work on translating matter-energy into purely informational language explained by the TI Sigma Framework. For example, WHAT IS an electron, a photon, or a hydrogen atom in terms of abstract configurations of GILE and the Four Dimensions of Truth??? What is their relationship to DE-Photon Time?? We're trying to ignore the physical appearance of things to expose the underlying informational reality!

But lol, this is way too ambitious and lofty for the AGI competition! 😂 I thought this might help, but this project is going to take up a TON of time and just be a distraction. Thus, while all of this should be logged, we should really stick to the actual AGI competition requirements so I can actually MAKE MONEY FINALLY!!!

Btw, is there ANY realistic chance I can get paid simply for the papers I published? Or better, get some kind of paid research position or stipend with near certainty? It's just SO WRONG that I've done so much and it's nothing to the world until money is made!!!