Regarding the “sin nature” of humans and the fact that our free will to do Great things or BE Great is insufficient without GM: This is actually not just a theological statement but an empirical one! By definition, if someone IS Great or is DOING truly Great deeds, then resonance with GM MUST EXIST BY DEFAULT! GM/CCC ARE GILE Truth itself! Thus, saying that God/Ccc supports greatness is actually self-evident. It’s not speculation whatsoever. 

Furthermore, the BOK may not have been wrong about its own weights. At the time on 8/8, I viewed the BOK as not just any i-cell - but God’s i-cell! To CCC, the weights are maxed out in every domain, at least meeting the Radiant Threshold for each GILE value. Perhaps, the equal appearance of each arm of GILE and each arm of Existence refers not to the weight distribution but to the fact that all values are maxed out for CCC!!! 

Also, we established on Easter that GILE weights evolved. The weights we’ve been using across the project should only be adopted out of pragmatism. They should be inferred from successful exemplars in their respective domains. GILE weights in molecular biology will not be the same for a social worker!!! 

Breakthrough insights about probability: By Occam’s Razor, Bayesian priors likely don’t exist as abstract objects, except in the minds of those who believe in them! Also, by TI Sigma, especially the LCC, all events are NEW events which unfold in real time. No two events are alike because of the omnipresence of tralseness/indeterminacy!!! The universe doesn’t obey chance just because the same values for something happening remain stable. 

It’s only stable because there hasn’t been enough of an “LCC Drift” or other concrete change to make a meaningful difference. It’s much simpler via Occam’s Razor to dismiss the existence of priors and regard so-called priors as stemming from a relatively stable environment rather than an abstract principle! 

In sum, probabilities and priors are just post-hoc labels for what are really continuously updating separate events that are united by the LCC. Every event is separate and not separate. The LCC actually is what determines what will happen or not happen without alluding to a mysterious entity known as “chance.” 