I had a massive realization the other day during one of my most profound ketamine sessions: It is my responsibility not only to present truth as a philosopher but to "beam" metta intentions onto those closest to me especially so they can accept the truth! 

I intuitively realized that intentionality has the capacity to break through shields of irrationality, evil, and suffering. This would be essentially a kind of Maharishi Effect! So then, if intentionality can overcome terrible choices made via free will, there are two questions to ask:

1. Is it ethical to "forcefully" bring someone to Truth via "high-intensity blessings" who is presently on a bad trajectory?

2. If intentionality can override a person's ordinary decision making - or merely optimize the conditions for the person to make the choice they (likely) know "deep down" is correct - could the deficit in wellbeing and enlightenment be substantially explained by a lack of GILE-aligned intentionality? 

To answer the first question, I don't believe that metta meditation counts as negative manipulation even though it interferes with a person’s free will. That is because bringing a person to enlightenment is the noblest thing a person can do for someone else. Moreover, the person still is involved in the decision making process even if they are being “forcefully nudged,” to use a novel tralse concept! 

To empirically support my answer, I have never in my life heard of anyone ever suggesting that wishing goodwill of any kind on somebody else should be forbidden - despite the obvious implications of “meddling” in their free will - for those who believe in intentionality’s positive effects in the first place. 

For the second question, I believe the answer is “mostly yes.” I propose that if there were a certain threshold of people (perhaps the Emerick Threshold) who got another threshold of people to become “sufficiently enlightened,” enlightenment would spread “like wildfire” throughout society. It would both partially override a person’s free will to a degree but also provide optimal conditions for their wellbeing and enlightenment to thrive. 

I also realized that Mimi's incessant thinking of me and prayer on my behalf likely influenced my spiritual trajectory. I was far away from spiirtiuality and Christianity especially when I was an atheist but I believe that Mimi had a major role in my return. 