Artificial/natural - Puts human creation at the center of the universe and/or assumes humans and/or creations are not part of the universe.

Selfish - Falsely assumed to be the opposite of altruistic. Also, this word discourages people from self-care and sustainable good deeds.

Nonprofit -  As if nonprofits don’t need to at least break even in order to survive like any other business? Managers are not often overpaid compared to their subordinates??? Businesses that are “for-profit” are not performing necessary or benevolent duties “by default”? 

Entitled - As though it’s wrong to expect basic human rights or being taken seriously???

“General” intelligence - Intelligence is not a single metric and everyone has wide variation in cognitive ability, especially across subjects.

Physical - As opposed to what? If something isn’t recognized by science (yet), does that mean it automatically isn’t real? 

Overconfident - No distinction is ever made between “very” confident and “too much.” Confidence itself does not CAUSE faulty beliefs or performance, even high confidence. 

Pride - Wanting to do great things and find meaning is suspicious? People should just “mind their own business” and “keep their nose at the grindstone”? 

Infinite - Nothing is actually infinite.

Biased - Who isn’t biased? A stranger or “third party” still carries bias.

Loss - A lack of a gain or a missed opportunity is not a loss. 

Immature - As opposed to what? Playfulness? Curiosity? Joy? Humor? Are any of those things inherently bad, even in large quantities?

Coincidence - Are you sure there was no relationship between the two events? Are any events truly independent of each other?

Argument - Not the same as a verbal confrontation or fight. 

Wrong - Moral wrong is not the same as factual wrong. 

Defensive - Defending yourself is a weakness??? Oh no, I’m defending defensiveness! How silly of me! 😉😂🤪

Emotional - As opposed to what? Serious? Depressed? Flat affect? 

Balanced - Being balanced does not mean being equal in quantity or value. Sometimes balance is a 3:1 ratio.

Equality - Humans are not equal to each other in any way. Variation is the default, and no one actually treats each of their friends, family, and acquaintances the same. Nor should they. That denies context and would end badly. 

Sarcastic - Using rhetoric to mean the opposite of what you say is unfriendly by default?

Baiting/manipulative - Again, trying to convince someone else is wrong? Clever argument is mischievous? How do you exist without ever trying to persuade others to do things? 

Competitive - Is engaging in life or paying employees what they deserve automatically participation in a competition? Can you be in a game or perform well but not be competitive?

Meaningless - If something truly has no meaning, why is it is being spoken of or thought?

Delusion - If a belief isn’t consistent with mainstream thought and is not based on evidence, is it automatically wrong? Or is it acceptable to hold a controversial hypothesis and at least test it out? 

Naive - Refusing to be skeptical of claims by default and trust things is not necessarily weak. It’s open-minded. 