Revelations on Easter: Abstractions can only be represented in consciousness by definition. This proves that consciousness (via i) is fundamental with ANY PHYSICAL DESCRIPTION OF ANYTHING WHATSOEVER!!!

The E for environment and even the word “physical” are also abstract concepts that REPRESENT physicality! This represents an ultimate proof against physicalism!!! What irony! 

The E values are an essence themselves even though what they DESCRIBE are physical things! 

In addition, the quantum descriptions of states of being - including the states themselves - are ALREADY informational. 

This is what TI Sigma has been claiming all along: that physical things as well as the descriptions which represent them count as information!!! 

Therefore, no further reduction to information is needed for the most basic of physical states because the quantum states themselves ARE the information they represent. This information is held in consciousness, with i at the very bottom. 

Pure Nothingness (aka chaos) is theoretically underneath i. However, by definition, there can be no description of pure nothingness except the RETROACTIVE label PN. 

Explanation MUST END SOMEWHERE. That is where i and PN come in! 

Ultimately, there is no distinction between L and E for the most fundamental and basic physical things and systems. The L enlarges via complexity/degree of consciousness! 

Likewise, GIL expands from pure L at high complexity/degree of consciousness. In fact, the GILE weights we have been using by default apply mainly to just humans and perhaps other intelligent and moral creatures like elephants and bonobos. 

But in general, today, and in the evolutionary past, L comes after i, which emerges from PN (which today represents pure randomness/chaos). 

The direction of the development of the GILE weights varied nonlinearly though! E is arguably very low in quantum systems because physicality is minimal where pure information and “chance” dominate! However, E and L are quite high in the order of molecular chemistry and rudimentary life. L at this stage is limited to binding though. This is because genuine romantic love, affection, and especially agape are (practically) nonexistent. 

But as life evolved from high L and high H, intuition came first in the form of semi-intelligent life such as plants and animals. However, goodness - in the form of the Four C’s - in addition to agape and affection when combined with I and L - actually came last. Full-blown GIL, however, is - again - seen mainly just in humans, elephants, bonobos, and other like creatures. And many humans of course even lack GIL! 

The pattern of L’s evolution is quite interesting. It originated as structure. But then it proceeded to romantic love and affection when it bonded to I. Agape was finally reached when G was attained and integrated with ILE (especially just IL). 

In summary, although GILE is indeed a hierarchy, it exists in a greater-to-lesser fashion only in humans mainly, in a sense of WEIGHTED IMPORTANCE. In terms of EVOLUTION, however, GIL evolved BACKWARDS. At the very bottom for quantum systems though, I was high while E was low. But E became high alongside L in molecular and primitive life! Then, I returned and eventually, the present model of L*/+E was reached in the most intelligent creatures!!! 